today i am going to explain a drama
horror mystery movie called polaroid
be aware the video contains spoilers
sarah and her friend
linda are going through a box of her
late mother's belongings when they find
a polaroid camera
they also find a picture of sarah's
mother which looks like a picture that
was taken just before she died
linda receives a like from her crush
which provokes sarah to take a photo in
lingerie and the polaroid camera
we see the photo linda took and it is
probably the most unsatisfying lingerie
photo ever
taken linda leaves when sarah starts
hearing sounds from the polaroid
she checks it out and sees that a
mysterious figure appeared on the photo
the lights go out and strange noises are
coming from different parts of the house
a ping-pong ball falls from the attic so
sarah climbs the ladder to check
the ladder falls and she hears someone
having difficulties breathing behind a
tarp
she is ready to give him an inhaler but
he refuses the help and grabs her hand
we hear slashing sounds and she falls
from the attic we switch to a yearbook
shooting where they introduce bird
the other students make fun of her for
wearing a scarf and indeed
how pathetic bird fantasizes about the
coolest guy in the school
when she decides to take a photo of him
from a distance
connor notices it so bird has to flee
the scene she is fixing a watch at her
workplace when tyler enters the antique
shop and gives her the polaroid
she snaps a photo of him to check if it
still works
tyler tries to kiss her but bird refuses
as she is more into redditers
the situation was so uncomfortable that
it instantly ended her shift
bird's mom leaves for another shift
because they struggle with money
i am sure this is going to be important
later on
she grabs the camera and about to enter
dog's life when the filmmakers decide
they want to keep the audience mentally
stable so casey enters the room
we learn a bunch of information about
casey which i am sure will be important
later in the movie
she invites bird to a halloween party
and gives her a red riding hood costume
bird's friends pick her up and we hear
what a 44 year old scriptwriter thinks
teenagers talk like
tyler is looking at old photos when a
shadow appears behind the canvas
he grabs a hammer and tries to fight it
but finds no one there
as he checks the lenses he hears the
asthmatic breathing and when he turns
around
the creature is under the canvas to help
save money on the budget
the group arrives at the halloween party
but bird isn't in the mood
as she is socially uncomfortable as a
good protagonist should be
a guy in a mask stalks her so she
decides to move upstairs instead
the guy comes up to her and turns out it
is conor her crush
they have uncomfortable but flirtish
conversation and we learned that bird's
name is coming from
her dad who thought she looked like a
cornish game ham when she was born so he
named her bird
connor thinks it is completely normal
and continues to charm her
bird grabs her polaroid and snaps a
picture of the four of them
another girl takes a selfie with the
polaroid when the music stops and the
cops enter the house
they take bird away and sheriff pembroke
tells her that tyler was murdered
later that night she checks the photos
she took before and sees a shadow on
avery's selfie
she wants to call her as she suspects it
might have something to do with tyler's
death but she changes her mind and goes
to sleep
avery stays at her house alone after the
party and starts cleaning up
luckily everybody lives in a perfect
horror movie set where doors creak and
lights flicker
when she sees the creature she starts
running but thanks to the interior
designer's marvelous work
she hits her head into a lamp the
creature catches up with her and gives
her a head massage to ease the pain
casey calls bird and tells her avery
fell down the stairs and died
bird goes up to her room checks the
photos again and she sees that the
shadow moved to the other picture
she throws the camera but she forgets
the camera as a dragonborn and it knocks
her to the ground
bird shows the pictures to the others
she explains the migration of the shadow
but they don't believe her
devon tries to burn the photo as the
photo burns closer and closer to meena
she also catches fire
everyone tries to extinguish her but
only bird has enough iq to find out what
is going on
as she put the fire out on the photo she
sees it regenerating itself
bird and connor are trying to figure out
how the polaroid works so they go to the
antique store and try to steal the box
which the polaroid came in
bird enters the building while connor
waits outside bird gets the container
when she sees the creature coming
towards her
she escapes and they leave the scene
connor tells bird to look at the picture
closer
she is also in the picture mina wakes up
at the hospital and tells devin how much
she loves him
the lights start flickering so devin
thinks this is the best time to leave
her alone and ask a nurse about her day
the previously full of life hospital
became empty in a minute
and devin thinks the best way to find a
nurse is to enter a dark room behind the
front desk
a nurse stops him before he can enter so
he goes back to mina but it is too late
she already took skydiving lessons
without him bird and connor arrive at
the hospital in devon does the least
dramatic anger outburst ever
bird tells her story to conor because we
are 50 minutes in the movie and none of
the characters feel important
she finds a police evidence tag inside
the camera case
she and connor head to the archives to
dig up old newspapers
they find out that three teenagers were
killed 40 years ago
the serial killer robert joseph sable
took photos of his victims and the
camera belonged to him
he was shot and killed before he could
be taken into custody
the group is brainstorming about how to
stop the entity devin gets angry and
accidentally takes a picture of himself
the shadow moves to his picture and as
he tries to photograph bird
kaley sticks a pencil in his hand on the
photo to stop him
devin hits an officer and gets locked up
bird and connor tries to explain the
story to pembroke but he refuses to
believe them which is understandable
not like they could prove it by simply
making a hole on the picture with a
needle
when bird explains the serial killer
story to pembroke he gets angry and
tells them to don't even dare to go near
robert's old house
devin says sorry to bird before she
leaves kaylee finds information about
the killer's wife so they head to her
house
an old woman opens the door devon is
alone in his cell when the lights go out
the creature tries to break into his
cell since he forgot he can be anywhere
you want
one minute later he remembers he is a
supernatural creature and stabs devin
from behind
the lady invites bird and connor inside
and shows them a picture about her
daughter
she tells the story how rebecca was an
anti-social child who was obsessed with
that camera and took it everywhere with
herself
kids started bullying her because of it
one day four kids went too far
and took tasteless pictures of her they
passed the pictures around in school and
rebecca couldn't take it any longer and
hanged herself
her father couldn't let his anger go and
swore to take revenge on the kids
he killed three of them but one got away
the killer died holding his camera
the lady hands the picture of the boy
who got away to bird
conor sees the shadow moving to their
picture meaning devin is already dead
they head to the archive again and find
out the kid on the picture with sheriff
pembroke
pembroke enters the building and catches
them trespassing
bird tries to take a picture of him to
let the entity kill him too
since he got away 40 years ago she is
incapable of doing it so conor takes the
polaroid and does it
pembroke explains that the old lady lied
to them the tasteless photos were not
taken by him and the other three kids
but by rebecca's father the serial
killer pembroke and the other kids found
out about the photos and they tried to
turn the pictures to the police
the father then killed the three kids to
make sure no one will ever find out what
happened
he was about to kill pembroke too but
the police got there in time
rebecca hanged herself only after the
killings the lights go out and we see
the killer picking up pembroke's photo
pembroke shoots him but it doesn't have
an effect on him the killer tears the
photo and pembroke dies
connor tries to shoot the killer in the
head but it is still ineffective
the two girls run away and hide in a
shower the killer fades away as he can't
bear the axe body spray gas chamber we
call boys locker room
bird leaves kaylee in the shower to look
for connor they decide to look for the
camera as bird has a plan
they find the camera but the killer
takes conor away
bird takes a photo of herself and the
creature instantly switches priorities
instead of killing conor in three
seconds she then goes to a developing
room
the creature grabs her throat but just
in time she manages to snap a new
profile picture for him
she crumples the picture but her hand
was also on it so she breaks her own
fingers as well
the move didn't stop the creature so she
burns the photo instead and the creature
blows up
they forgot that the creature was on
bird's selfie last time and not on the
group photo but doesn't matter they are
happy anyway
kaylee jokingly says she is never going
to take another group photo ever
which is hilarious considering the fact
that half of her friend group is dead
and they just killed an innocent police
officer 30 minutes ago
the creature is gone and bird throws the
camera in the river ending the killings
[Music]